src/templates/prompt_template_save.md, before:

You aim to save the DWSIM layout as PDF file 
[code]

Add the above code in given sample 'Add DWSIM code here -- Add task specific code here '
Also change file names to relevant task names. 'taskName' 
## Answer

### Task 1

```python
import clr

# Adding references for necessary DWSIM libraries
dwsimpath = "C:\\Users\\jcvid\\AppData\\Local\\DWSIM\\"
clr.AddReference("System")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "CapeOpen.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.Automation.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.Interfaces.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.GlobalSettings.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.SharedClasses.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.Thermodynamics.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.Thermodynamics.ThermoC.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.UnitOperations.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.Inspector.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "System.Buffers.dll")

from DWSIM.Interfaces.Enums.GraphicObjects import ObjectType
from DWSIM.Thermodynamics import Streams, PropertyPackages
from DWSIM.UnitOperations import UnitOperations
from DWSIM.Automation import Automation3
from DWSIM.GlobalSettings import Settings
from System.IO import Directory, Path, File
from System import String, Environment

# Add DWSIM code here -- Add task specific code here 



# Save the flowsheet to a file
fileNameToSave = Path.Combine(Environment.GetFolderPath(Environment.SpecialFolder.Desktop), "taskName.dwxmz")
interf.SaveFlowsheet(sim, fileNameToSave, True)

# Export PFD image
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "SkiaSharp.dll")
clr.AddReference("System.Drawing")

from SkiaSharp import SKBitmap, SKImage, SKCanvas, SKEncodedImageFormat
from System.IO import MemoryStream
from System.Drawing import Image
from System.Drawing.Imaging import ImageFormat

# Render PFD to image
PFDSurface = sim.GetSurface()
bmp = SKBitmap(1024, 768)
canvas = SKCanvas(bmp)
PFDSurface.UpdateCanvas(canvas)
d = SKImage.FromBitmap(bmp).Encode(SKEncodedImageFormat.Png, 100)
str = MemoryStream()
d.SaveTo(str)
image = Image.FromStream(str)
imgPath = Path.Combine(Environment.GetFolderPath(Environment.SpecialFolder.Desktop), "taskName.png")
image.Save(imgPath, ImageFormat.Png)
str.Dispose()
canvas.Dispose()
bmp.Dispose()

# Show the PFD image
from PIL import Image as PILImage
im = PILImage.open(imgPath)
im.show()

```

 
Save the diagram as PDF 

Please make sure your Python code is compatible with DWSIM. 
Please give the runnable code without any placeholders based one some configs in above code.


## Question

Design [TASK].


## Answer

Commit message:

Full code generation in final stage issue fix

src/templates/prompt_template_save.md, after:

You aim to save the DWSIM layout as PDF file 
[code]

Add the above code in given sample 'Add DWSIM code here -- Add task specific code here '
Also change file names to relevant task names. 'taskName' 

NOTE : Final output should contain all the code with correction of previous code (Full code). 

## Answer

### Task 1

```python
import clr

# Adding references for necessary DWSIM libraries
dwsimpath = "C:\\Users\\jcvid\\AppData\\Local\\DWSIM\\"
clr.AddReference("System")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "CapeOpen.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.Automation.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.Interfaces.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.GlobalSettings.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.SharedClasses.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.Thermodynamics.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.Thermodynamics.ThermoC.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.UnitOperations.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "DWSIM.Inspector.dll")
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "System.Buffers.dll")

from DWSIM.Interfaces.Enums.GraphicObjects import ObjectType
from DWSIM.Thermodynamics import Streams, PropertyPackages
from DWSIM.UnitOperations import UnitOperations
from DWSIM.Automation import Automation3
from DWSIM.GlobalSettings import Settings
from System.IO import Directory, Path, File
from System import String, Environment

# Add DWSIM code here -- Add task specific code here 



# Save the flowsheet to a file
fileNameToSave = Path.Combine(Environment.GetFolderPath(Environment.SpecialFolder.Desktop), "taskName.dwxmz")
interf.SaveFlowsheet(sim, fileNameToSave, True)

# Export PFD image
clr.AddReference(dwsimpath + "SkiaSharp.dll")
clr.AddReference("System.Drawing")

from SkiaSharp import SKBitmap, SKImage, SKCanvas, SKEncodedImageFormat
from System.IO import MemoryStream
from System.Drawing import Image
from System.Drawing.Imaging import ImageFormat

# Render PFD to image
PFDSurface = sim.GetSurface()
bmp = SKBitmap(1024, 768)
canvas = SKCanvas(bmp)
PFDSurface.UpdateCanvas(canvas)
d = SKImage.FromBitmap(bmp).Encode(SKEncodedImageFormat.Png, 100)
str = MemoryStream()
d.SaveTo(str)
image = Image.FromStream(str)
imgPath = Path.Combine(Environment.GetFolderPath(Environment.SpecialFolder.Desktop), "taskName.png")
image.Save(imgPath, ImageFormat.Png)
str.Dispose()
canvas.Dispose()
bmp.Dispose()

# Show the PFD image
from PIL import Image as PILImage
im = PILImage.open(imgPath)
im.show()

```

 
Save the diagram as PDF 

Please make sure your Python code is compatible with DWSIM. 
Please give the runnable code without any placeholders based one some configs in above code.


## Question

Design [TASK].


## Answer
